Creates agentless troubleshooting page (#6184)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/agentless-troubleshooting.asciidoc

[[agentless-integration-troubleshooting]]
= Agentless integrations FAQ

Frequently asked questions and troubleshooting steps for {elastic-sec}'s agentless CSPM integration.

> *When I make a new integration, how long until the agent appears on the agent policies page?*

Reviewer: When a new agentless integration is created, then the agent count should appear on Integrations Policies Page, not agent policies page.

> *When I make a new integration, how long until the agent appears on the Integration Policies page?*

Reviewer 2: Should these be H2 titles? That'd allow for the questions to display in the mini-nav on the right side and would make navigating the page a bit easier.

After you create a new agentless integration, the new integration policy may show a button that says **Add agent** instead of the associated agent for several minutes during agent enrollment. No action is needed other than refreshing the page once enrollment is complete.

> *How do I troubleshoot an "Offline" agent?*

Reviewer 2: So it matches the styling in the paragraph below.

```suggestion
*How do I troubleshoot an `Offline` agent?*
```

> For agentless integrations to successfully connect to {elastic-sec}, your Fleet server host value must be the default. Otherwise, the agent status that appears on the Fleet page will be `Offline`, and logs will include the following error `[elastic_agent][error] Cannot checkin in with fleet-server, retrying`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For agentless integrations to successfully connect to {elastic-sec}, your Fleet server host value must be the default. Otherwise, the agent status that appears on the Fleet page will be `Offline`, and logs will include the error `[elastic_agent][error] Cannot checkin in with fleet-server, retrying`. 
```

To troubleshoot this issue:

. Find **Fleet** in the navigation menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field]. Go to the **Settings** tab.

> . Under **Fleet server hosts**, click the **Actions** button for the policy named `Default`. This opens the **Edit Fleet Server** flyout. The policy named `Default` should have the **Make this Fleet server the default one** setting enabled. If not, enable it, then delete your integration and create it again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Under **Fleet server hosts**, click the **Actions** button for the policy named `Default`. This opens the Edit Fleet Server flyout. The policy named `Default` should have the **Make this Fleet server the default one** setting enabled. If not, enable it, then delete your integration and create it again.
```

> . If the **Make this Fleet server the default one** setting was already enabled, it's possible someone changed the **URL** value for your default fleet server. In this case, contact Elastic support to find out what the original **URL** value was, update the settings to match this value, then delete your integration and create it again.

Reviewer 2: This looks related to the second part of the previous step but also seems like a duplicate step. Is this step an extension of step 2?

> *How do I troubleshoot an "Unhealthy" agent?*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*How do I troubleshoot an `Unhealthy` agent?*
```

> On the **Fleet** page, the agent associated with an agentless integration will have a name that begins with `agentless`. To troubleshoot an unhealthy agent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the **Fleet** page, the agent associated with an agentless integration will have a name that begins with `agentless`. To troubleshoot an `Unhealthy` agent:
```

. Confirm that you entered the correct credentials for the cloud provider you're monitoring. The following is an example of an error log resulting from using incorrect AWS credentials:
+ 
```
[elastic_agent.cloudbeat][error] Failed to update registry: failed to get AWS accounts: operation error Organizations: ListAccounts, get identity: get credentials: failed to refresh cached credentials, operation error STS: AssumeRole, https response error StatusCode: 403, RequestID: XXX, api error AccessDenied: User: XXX is not authorized to perform: sts:AssumeRole on resource:XXX
```
+

> . For information about collecting logs, refer to {fleet-guide}/fleet-troubleshooting.html[Fleet troubleshooting]. 

Reviewer 2: This step needs an action, for example: 

```suggestion
. Check {fleet}'s logs. For information, refer to {fleet-guide}/fleet-troubleshooting.html[Fleet troubleshooting]. 
```

*How do I delete an agentless integration?*

NOTE: Deleting your integration will remove all associated resources and stop data ingestion.

> When you create a new agentless CSPM integration, a new agent policy appears on the **Agent policies** tab of the **Fleet** page, but you can't use the **Delete integration** button on this page. Instead, delete the integration from the CSPM Integration policies page. 

Reviewer 2: Not sure if the **CSPM Integration policies** page is the correct name. If it's not please edit my edits below 😅 
```suggestion
When you create a new agentless CSPM integration, a new agent policy appears on the **Agent policies** tab of the **Fleet** page, but you can't use the **Delete integration** button on this page. Instead, you must delete the integration from the **CSPM Integration policies** page. 
```

. Find **Integrations** in the navigation menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field], then search for and select `CSPM`.

> . On the CSPM integration page, go to the **Integration policies** tab.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above. Not sure if this should be **CSPM Integration policies** page or if it's correct as is and the page name [above](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/6184/files#diff-4ae920768298342a1e45e9bace8530f69d6acc3be5bc85d16b4717cb08a494a7R36) needs to be corrected.
```suggestion
. On the **CSPM integration** page, go to the **Integration policies** tab.
```

> . Find the integration policy for the integration you want to delete. Click **Actions** then **Delete integration**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Find the integration policy for the integration you want to delete. Click **Actions**, then **Delete integration**.
```

[[agentless-integration-troubleshooting]]
= Agentless integrations FAQ

Frequently asked questions and troubleshooting steps for {elastic-sec}'s agentless CSPM integration.

[discrete]

> == When I make a new integration, how long until the agent appears on the Integration Policies page?

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== When I make a new integration, when will I see the agent appear on the Integration Policies page?
```

After you create a new agentless integration, the new integration policy may show a button that says **Add agent** instead of the associated agent for several minutes during agent enrollment. No action is needed other than refreshing the page once enrollment is complete.

[discrete]
== How do I troubleshoot an `Offline` agent?

> For agentless integrations to successfully connect to {elastic-sec}, your Fleet server host value must be the default. Otherwise, the agent status that appears on the Fleet page will be `Offline`, and logs will include the error `[elastic_agent][error] Cannot checkin in with fleet-server, retrying`. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For agentless integrations to successfully connect to {elastic-sec}, the {fleet} server host value must be the default. Otherwise, the agent status on the {fleet} page will be `Offline`, and logs will include the error `[elastic_agent][error] Cannot checkin in with fleet-server, retrying`. 
```

To troubleshoot this issue:

> . Find **Fleet** in the navigation menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field]. Go to the **Settings** tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Find **{fleet}** in the navigation menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field]. Go to the **Settings** tab.
```

> . Under **Fleet server hosts**, click the **Actions** button for the policy named `Default`. This opens the Edit Fleet Server flyout. The policy named `Default` should have the **Make this Fleet server the default one** setting enabled. If not, enable it, then delete your integration and create it again.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Under **{fleet} server hosts**, click the **Actions** button for the policy named `Default`. This opens the Edit {fleet} Server flyout. The policy named `Default` should have the **Make this {fleet} server the default one** setting enabled. If not, enable it, then delete your integration and create it again.
```

> NOTE: If the **Make this Fleet server the default one** setting was already enabled but problems persist, it's possible someone changed the **URL** value for your default fleet server. In this case, contact Elastic support to find out what the original **URL** value was, update the settings to match this value, then delete your integration and create it again.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: If the **Make this {fleet} server the default one** setting was already enabled but problems persist, it's possible someone changed the default {fleet} server's **URL** value. In this case, contact Elastic Support to find out what the original **URL** value was, update the settings to match this value, then delete your integration and create it again.
```

[discrete]
== How do I troubleshoot an `Unhealthy` agent?

> On the **Fleet** page, the agent associated with an agentless integration will have a name that begins with `agentless`. To troubleshoot an `Unhealthy` agent:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
On the **{fleet}** page, the agent associated with an agentless integration has a name that begins with `agentless`. To troubleshoot an `Unhealthy` agent:
```

. Confirm that you entered the correct credentials for the cloud provider you're monitoring. The following is an example of an error log resulting from using incorrect AWS credentials:
+ 
```
[elastic_agent.cloudbeat][error] Failed to update registry: failed to get AWS accounts: operation error Organizations: ListAccounts, get identity: get credentials: failed to refresh cached credentials, operation error STS: AssumeRole, https response error StatusCode: 403, RequestID: XXX, api error AccessDenied: User: XXX is not authorized to perform: sts:AssumeRole on resource:XXX
```

For instructions on checking {fleet} logs, refer to {fleet-guide}/fleet-troubleshooting.html[Fleet troubleshooting]. 

[discrete]
== How do I delete an agentless integration?

NOTE: Deleting your integration will remove all associated resources and stop data ingestion.

> When you create a new agentless CSPM integration, a new agent policy appears on the **Agent policies** tab of the **Fleet** page, but you can't use the **Delete integration** button on this page. Instead, you must delete the integration from the CSPM Integration's **Integration policies** tab. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you create a new agentless CSPM integration, a new agent policy appears within the **Agent policies** tab on the **{fleet}** page, but you can't use the **Delete integration** button on this page. Instead, you must delete the integration from the CSPM Integration's **Integration policies** tab. 
```

. Find **Integrations** in the navigation menu or use the {kibana-ref}/introduction.html#kibana-navigation-search[global search field], then search for and select `CSPM`.

> . Open the CSPM Integration's **Integration policies** tab.

Reviewer 3: `Open` or `Select`?
